Take a good look.
Xiaonuan
You know it all
Don't blame mom
It's all mom's fault
You are indeed not my biological daughter
Mom was also confused for a while
I was 18 years old.
Pregnant with Mu Jianxiong's flesh and blood
I thought he would marry me
But he married Concubine Ou
I can't accept it.
I hate it so much
So you kissed me and my mother
I stole my life
Xiaonuan
It's all mom's fault
Blame me
It has nothing to do with poverty.
He doesn't know anything.
Up to now, you still don't think kindly
I have been bullied by him since I was a child
You will only scold me
He also made me kneel down and apologize to him
No matter what he does to you
You give him the best
Xiaoyanmei, let me ask you one question
Are you treating me like a daughter?
You are Ou Qin's daughter
OK
From Now On
You and I cut off the mother-daughter relationship
kid
Xiao Mo